Jesus         Jesuses
alias         aliases
alias         aliases
alumnus       alumni
atlas         atlases
axis          axes
bacillus      bacilli
bacterium     bacteria
beef          beefs
bison         bison
bounce        bounces
breeches      breeches
britches      britches
broth         broths
brother       brothers
buffalo       buffalo
bureau        bureaus
bus           buses
cactus        cacti
carrot        carrots
category      categories
chassis       chassis
chicken       chickens
child         children
chive         chives
church        churches
clove         cloves
coffee        coffees
corps         corps
corpus        corpuses
cow           cows
crisis        crises
datum         data
debris        debris
deer          deer
dissertation  dissertations
doctorate     doctorates
dwarf         dwarves
editor        editors
fair          fairs
fish          fish
focus         foci
food_menu     food_menus
forum         fora
fungus        fungi
fuss          fusses
gallows       gallows
ganglion      ganglions
glove         gloves
goose         geese
graffito      graffiti
group         groups
grouse        grouses
hive          hives
hoof          hooves
house         houses
ibex          ibexes
index         indices
information   information
knife         knives
leap          leaps
lease         leases
life          lives
loaf          loaves
louse         lice
man           men
man-child     man-children
mass          masses
matrix        matrices
matrix_row    matrix_rows
media         media
medium        media
menu          menus
mesh          meshes
mess          messes
money         monies
mongoose      mongooses
monkfish      monkfis
moose         moose
moose         moose
mouse         mice
move          moves
mythos        mythoi
nation        nations
news          news
ninja         ninjas
nucleus       nuclei
numen         numina
octopus       octopuses
opus          opuses
ox            oxen
pannino       pannini
people        people
person        people
powerhouse    powerhouses
quarry        quarries
quiz          quizzes
radius        radii
reindeer      reindeer
scissors      scissors
sex           sexes
shears        shears
sheep         sheep
soup          soups
species       species
status        statuses
stimulus      stimuli
stratum       strata
strongman     strongmen
syllabus      syllabi
terminus      termini
testis        testes
thesis        theses
tomato        tomatoes
tooth         teeth
toothbrush    toothbrushes
turf          turfs
vacancy       vacancies
vampire       vampires
vertex        vertices
virus         viri
wave          waves
werewolf      werewolves
wife          wives
woman         women
